Reading Selection Properties, etc.  Resolves #1012 (#1033)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

from an antecedent via cloning; see {{groups}} for more.

{{connection-props}} provides a list of Connection Properties, while Selection
Properties are listed in the subsections below. Selection Properties are
only considered during establishment, and can not be changed after a Connection
is established; however, they can still be read. Upon reading, the Preference type
of a Selection Property changes into Boolean, where `true` means that the
Preference was honored and `false` means that it has not been honored (implementations
of Transport Services systems may alternatively use the two Preference values `Require`

> and `Prohibit` to represent `true` and `false`, respectively).

Author: I see now, and I agree so very much!  Many thanks, this is a great change!

> is established; however, they can still be read. Upon reading, the Preference type
> of a Selection Property changes into Boolean, where `true` means that the
> selected Protocol Stack supports the feature or uses the path associated with the Selection Property, and `false` means that the Protocol Stack does not support the feature or use the path. Implementations
> of Transport Services systems may alternatively use the two Preference values `Require`
> and `Prohibit` to represent `true` and `false`, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is established. After a Connection is established, Selection Properties can only
be read to check the properties used by the Connection. Upon reading, the
Preference type of a Selection Property changes into Boolean, where `true` means
that the selected Protocol Stack supports the feature or uses the path associated with the Selection Property, and `false` means that the Protocol Stack does not support the feature or use the path. Implementations
of Transport Services systems may alternatively use the two Preference values `Require`
and `Prohibit` to represent `true` and `false`, respectively.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is established. After a Connection is established, Selection Properties can only
be read to check the properties used by the Connection. Upon reading, the
Preference type of a Selection Property changes into Boolean, where `true` means
that the selected Protocol Stack supports the feature or uses the path conforms with the Selection Property, and `false` means that the Protocol Stack does not support the feature or use a conforming path. Implementations
of Transport Services systems may alternatively use the two Preference values `Require`
and `Prohibit` to represent `true` and `false`, respectively or expose the supported features of the selected Protocol Stack and path in a different way that is consistent for all Preference typed Selection Properties.
```
